Hi, I'm Emily and I'm a
program manager at Google.
I work in our security
education space.
Imposter syndrome is
a very real thing.
There will be days where you
feel like you're riding high,
you're getting everything done,
you're on top of your game.
Then there are times
where you feel
like I just don't
know what I'm doing.
Everybody else is
doing so much better.
Connecting with others in
cybersecurity associations
is a great way
to combat that
imposter syndrome.
Getting involved in
cybersecurity organizations
and associations is
a great way to grow
your network and
frankly build a
community for yourself.
It can be really intimidating
to join a new industry.
Those folks can support you,
and they can also be a
great example of how far
you've come when you share
your skills with them as well.
What helped me when I was
feeling imposter syndrome
or just not feeling as
confident as I think
I could have been,
was connecting with
a trusted mentor.
They were really
helpful when I said,
"Oh gosh, I feel like
I should know this."
And she said, "There's no way
you can know everything.
We have people who
work on those things
across the company and you
don't have to know everything."
It just helped calm me down
and helped me feel
comfortable with what I
do know and the skills that I do
bring to my organization.
It's really important to
recognize those small wins.
I actually like to go to a
special folder I have in
my email where I've
collected kudos
and special emails
that folks have
sent me who are
congratulating me on
a project accomplishment
or just complimenting me
on some skill or something
that I helped them out with.
And that really helps buoy my
spirits and reminds me that,
yes, I can do this.
There is a reason I'm here.
Reflecting on your career no
matter where you've worked,
is a really great way to
combat imposter
syndrome as well.
It's a great way to show
how far you've come,
what skills you've
learned and what you're
really going to be able to
contribute in this new field.
In the security industry,
you're never going
to know everything,
and so it's important to stay
flexible and fungible and
to ensure that you're
always learning
because the industry changes
so quickly and
evolves so quickly.
There's not one person who's
going to know everything.
It can be really hard to
maintain your confidence,
especially when
you're new on a job.
It's okay to take time
and to ask questions.
There's never a stupid question.
It's important for you to get
information and the
folks around you should
be trying to support you
and help you succeed,
because they too will
succeed with your success.